I said I need to be using my e for
damage
oh don't run from me a little bit uh
he's gonna get it to you back up again I
won your question garbage Wow bloom out
boom baby I have no idea what
just happened bad
oh my god he sidestepped my
thing
holy II sidestep like you
oh my god I flies down totally
shut up bad yes fly still oh my god
I so
man this he's wheeling him
and dealing him on my ass
we got like no life though blah
if I could take so much already
garbage did indeed a why should
he have so much health on man this isn't
fair I need desperate times call for
desperate measures we're going to the
late-game
desperate times my friends what
club buddy appreciate the support a lot
d thank you very much my man take this
out boys
indeed a wise choice
Oh bitch Wow that's done holy holy
red damn he wrecked my ass
with that one this is getting intense
dude
okay I lost this one v1 babies heating
up boom
bitch where the are you going Oh
baby
Oh baby I just can't write up it all to
you it did
and if you refresh the our box
there